Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to make our code more simpler.
Now you can see the model directory then in your products.
That's why we already have all this fields over here.
So there is no need of passing it over the fields products.
So what you're going to do is you're going to get rid of all this.
Right.
And now we can use control in this.
And the next thing to do is to go to the full screen.
Right.
Okay.
As well are going to need to get rid of all this.
We don't really need it.
Okay, great.
Now what you're going to do is you're going to copy this.
Cofidis is control and C and use control and B to with the smaller they are going to go to the fields
to products.
And now we can use culture and be okay.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to pass this within the context.
Then is it of these products is going to be the products model.
Okay.
Now we can use Control and dot in there that supports the fly.
It's going to take a while.
Okay.
Control and Dutch.
Or I'm just going to go to the other fights.
Okay.
That's where you come true and be okay.
Now, instead of product provider, regular call, this product's okay.
We'll look back on this and then let's go to the hair.
Okay.
There's going to be products that's immeasurable.
That is the products coming from the models.
Okay.
As or click on this.
It's going to be.
Products.
That's tied to the three countries as well.
Okay.
Is going to be.
Products at price.
Okay.
Now use control and to.
You can see the areas that we can use the hall to start in order to save those on save twice.
Okay.
Now go check it out.
They are going to need to go back to the screen.
Now, you can see we have all these eras.
Not all these eras are going to need to go back to the fifth screen.
Okay.
Field screen.
Then there.
What is food products?
First of all, obviously it's control and B to make this wide.
Then.
Yeah the needs control and that's they were going to go to Europe with widgets they're going to use
to change.
Not the fire.
That's if I provide good value.
Okay.
We can break this down.
The value is going to be the per products.
Least.
And now we can pass any intense.
Okay.
Now, the reason for this error is because we also need a new product model.
We also need to have to deal with change notifier.
Okay.
Now what it going to do if you have this error?
I just have to do is to use through and be like, hey, we're going to go to the products model.
So he.
Products model.
Okay.
I think you might have that in your radio.
Probably.
I deleted my.
So we're going to need to see with change.
Not a fire.
So what this will simply do is is going to list in for updates we are making.
You can see there is God.
Okay.
Now we can use the whole to start now to save those on saved face.
The key.
Now let's go back to the fields.
Okay.
They can see our code is now simpler.
We are no longer personally teacher of other fields projects.
Right over here, we are simply using data that is coming from the model.
You can see over the model dietary in this file called products.
We have defined all the fields we need right then in the provider folder, the Novartis products, you
can see we are using all those.
Where he's in all those fields.
Right.
Okay.
You can see there's a production model.
There are signage fields that we are sending values to it.
Okay, then over this field.
Projects.
What we simply did was to make what is food products.
What you simply did was to create the available products in order to store the value of that product
model.
So we have access to all those all those value, all those fields, all I.
Or those fields.
Or via NORAD, cots provider or by the provider.
What you are simply doing is we are sending orders values to those fields, right?
So you can see it as equals to over oversize.
The same thing as here.
This is the ID.
So assigning all this value to the ID, the tie two to the ID description to the ID and so on.
Right.
Okay.
So I think our code is more simpler.
Right.
Okay.
You cannot just add this to make sure of it in this walk in.
You can do the same thing for the you are of as well.
Okay.
We're going to do the letter before they know it is going to continue with the field screen.
Sounds good.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.